1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I chose Java language, because it's the most comfortable language I am with. I didn't use any
libraries that need to be downloaded. Only BufferedReader and FileReader read the CSV file.
I also used a hashtable to store balances of each payer, so there won't be any duplicates in case
there are several transactions from the same payer. It's also convenient to update the balance by
using hashtable rather than an array or array list.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

Advantages:
The code is pretty readable as I left a lot of comments explaining almost every step of the program.
I implemented a helper method to process CSV file which returns a list of transactions, so it would
be easier to test it. There is also a separate class for the Transaction class, so it's easier
to store information about transaction, to retrieve it, to test the class, and easy to modify if
we will be storing more information about each transaction.

Disadvantages:
It might be not very efficient for large datasets since I'm using the built-in sort function which
has a complexity of O(n*log(n)).
The solution is also pretty long. It has multiple classes and multiple methods in each.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
My most favorite project so far is probably Cipherdle. It's a website http://cipherdle.com/
that contains a fun variation of popular game Wordle. Even though it's submitted as part of a
hackathon, I spent more time fixing bugs and deploying after the submission. It's my favorite
probably because it's a cool and original variation of Wordle, and I can send it to my friends
to challenge them. It's not as easy as Wordle, as it takes about 15 minutes to solve since it
uses a word cipher in the second stage, so it requires some memorization to process the cipher.
It's also my first project for which I bought a domain and hosted on github-pages, so I'm proud of it.

The biggest challenge was probably time, since it's a part of a hackathon I had only 2 days, during
which I needed to replicate the original UI of Wordle, and build fully functional app using React.
I had some experience using React before it, but it's still pretty challenging to exactly copy UI.
While it wasn't too difficult to implement cipher and logistics of the game, it's pretty hard to
organize data fields and set up localStorage which was added later. But thanks to Google, it's all
solved eventually.

